Welcome back.
Let's start to add this new feature that is to create multiple face detections.
Now how should we start about this.
The first thing I want to do is just move things around.
Let's have our Front-End over here.
So I'm not constantly going back and forth here.
And the very very first thing is while we're dependent on this API this clarify API so I can go into
the documentation and see what kind of response we get where I can just maybe log out whatever the backend
does when we hit detect and clarify sends us a response.
So let's have a look.
If I go to the back end to the image I see that the clarified response is here in the data.
So let's just cancel the log this data and see what kind of information we get.
I'll save and like I said there's probably an easier way of me just going to the documentation to see
what the what they respond to.
But I think this way is more general so I think it would be more beneficial to look at through here.
So let's go back.
It detect make sure that our assumption is correct and that we return something.
All right.
Looks like we get a response.
Description OK we get an ID created at model input data.
All right data might be something that we're interested in.
So let's go into that let's go with actually before we even do that.
Let's see since we're just returning this plane data let's see what the front end is doing with this
information.
So in the front end if we take a look at the where was it the calculate face location.
We see that we receive some data here.
I wonder if this might be.
So let's go to calculate face location find it where we actually call this and yet we see that there
is a response which comes from here where we make the image you are alcohol.
All right so this I think might be the response from clarify.
Let's see what the front end returns.
I'm going to just within here say console dialogue
and describe the response going to save and I have to sign in because we just refreshed so G-mail dot
Hey seinen and let's copy and paste.
I've got to get the image again.
Copy and paste detect and open up the console.
All right.
So this is the response we get outputs with an ID.
Let's see we get data input input data.
There's a lot of things that we can probably go to their documentation and figure out what we need.
Let's see if we get zero.
OK.
So this is a lot of information.
Let's see how we actually use it on the front end.
So on the front end if I go to display face box which is what we're using or calculate face location
which is why we're using the data for I go up here and I see that I'm getting the data outputs dad our
regions region ampho bounding box.
So let's copy that
or let's traverse that our Celso data outputs data regions.
So let's go to data outputs
so data outputs zero data regions and how interesting we have an array here of two but if we go back
to the code it looks like regions we're just using one and we're getting the region info and the bounding
box to calculate face location.
So if I go here I see that OK this is the bounding box top row left column bottom row right column and
on the second one.
All right.
We have the same thing.
OK.
That's interesting what if we just have a an image with just one person.
Let's click that again.
We always want to test our assumptions.
So I'm going to copy this and that's an that's a u r l song a hit detect.
All right we get a second response here.
Again let's test that to our assumptions right so if I go all puts euro data regions there's only one
region because there's only one face.
All right.
So without coding anything we can assume that maybe regions might be what gives us the face information.
Again this is without even looking at the documents or the API referenced by clarify.
Let's test that.
Let's have perhaps a loop instead of just returning one thing.
Or even better.
Let's change this data region 1.
Let's see if here and if I go back I've got to sign in again.
Sign in and use the image that we had over here.
Remember last time
we got this face detected but not this one.
So again going back to where we changed that one line we said that we want the second phase detection
all look of that his face is now detected and not hers just by changing that number in the array.
So right away before we run any line of code we know where we can fix it.
But just testing it out.
So it looks like we need to loop over this and instead of returning an object perhaps we can return
an array of objects and when we display the face or remember we have the display face box.
We should return perhaps multiple objects of where the faces might be let's start to do that now what
usually you want to do is create a new branch as you start to work on your feature.
Now they have a big idea of where you want to start testing your code and your start your branch and
start working on it and make small gradual commits.
But for now I'm just going to skip that process because we want to focus on just creating this new feature.
So the first thing we want to do is let's map over this instead of having the first survey item because
I know this is a array now I'm going to say map and I know that it's going to return some face detection
information on a safe face.
And let's start a new line here so we can see it better.
Close the brackets.
All right and we have this information from each one of the faces so if I have two faces I'll have two
items in the array.
OK.
So we have this now because we're looping over this and we want to return an object each time we can
actually just move all this inside over here.
And the face region info boning box is now what this expects.
Let's assign a variable to this that is the clarify face that we're using here to measure where we should
display that blue box where the faces are songlines say caused.
Clarify face
to face equals this and change the above variable.
To clarify face's But actually I see that since we want to return these clarify faces which is going
to be an array of these objects.
I might as well just take this out and say return.
So this calculate face location we might want to name it to collate faces or face locations and change
this everywhere else that we see it.
So let's say where else do we have this.
So just these two places I'm going to change this to face locations.
Want to save now.
The next part is the display Facebook so we've.
We're returning an array now of these objects.
If we go to display face box that is a really funny variable name whereas it display face box we see
that we're setting.
So we're separating the box to equal box.
All right but this is expecting an object and we're returning an array now.
So let's change that.
We have boxes now.
And this should be boxes.
And just to keep the names standard we should change our state name to boxes and Ophir where we have
initial state changes to boxes again.
We're now returning an array instead of an object.
So let's change this into an array.
All right let me save see if we get any errors.
Nothing yet.
Where are we using these boxes.
We want to make sure that these names are apt to do as well.
So let's go look for any mention of boxes in here.
We have the bounding box which is from clarify that's fine display face.
Perhaps we can change the name to boxes.
Let me close that display face boxes and use it over here and update that as well.
Where else do we mention the word box.
We've seen the render we have this state box but again we have multiple boxes Nasaw going to say boxes
and let's save just to make sure that we're not making any errors.
And we see that line 1:38 box is not defined.
If I go to 1:38 I see that face recognition component that received this box information now needs to
actually receive boxes and perhaps we should rename it.
Props to boxes as well.
So let's save.
Everything is working but we know right away that since we're passing boxes as props to face recognition
we have to go into this component.
You see I'm taking a step by step seeing where these variables lead me.
I go to the face recognition and OK right away I see I should change just two boxes.
And I also want to change this two boxes boxes boxes and boxes.
Well let's save and see what happens here.
It's always good to check our work and see where we are.
So I'm going to say hey at gmail dot com.
Hey let's seinen.
And again use our favorite couple image
to paste.
Scroll down.
Nothing's display.
Now we just broke the app.
But let's go back here.
Let's see if we're getting any errors in the Network tab someone to again click and we make this a little
bit bigger.
We see that everything is working.
So we might be doing something off here.
And another tool that I like to use is perhaps the developer tools the re-act developer tools which
again is a chrome plug in that you can install and if by let's say look for the face recognition component
I see that this face recognition component has to has the bounding box over here that there's nothing
in there that makes sense.
But if we go into the over here and look at the boxes we see that right.
It receives a props of tear rays
Well those fund my stores got full while recording.
But I'm back at it.
All right so we have the array right now that has two boxes and it looks like it's returning.
What we want.
So let's go back to our app and notice here that OK so we're turning an array here that has an index
of 0 and 1 but in the bounding box we're doing boxes that top row boxes right column which don't exist
because this isn't an object anymore it's an array.
Right so there's a nice little fix that we can do here again and we can just create a javascript expression
by wrapping it in curly brackets.
No that's not what we want to do.
Curly brackets.
And because boxes is now an array I can just say boxes.
Map our favor function mapping that on each iteration has a box that if you remember gives us those
properties the div with box's top row or box top row and other dimensions that we need.
So let's just return this and I'm going to keep this on one line even though it's kind of long.
So that way we can just say return and then the element that we want.
And because this is now box we can just go back to using Box which has these properties of bottom row
right column left column and let's safe here.
OK.
Let's go to a chart here.
And again we're just going step by step just logically talking to ourselves and figuring out what we
need to do.
Let's go back.
We have to sign in again.
Let's go.
Hey quick sign in.
And I'm going to close this for now.
Let's grab the image again.
Go back here.
Paste it.
Look at that two images.
Let's make sure that we don't get any errors to go to the console.
Oh.
Each child in an array or iterator should have a unique key prop and this is a very common warning and
react.
And that's an easy one to fix.
Anytime you're mapping over aliments and re-act you want to add a key prop that is unique.
The key for now is just going to be the box dot top row probably could be something better but at least
we know that it's going to be unique.
For now let's go back again because we have to constantly sign in.
We might want to just change the route the state over the road for development.
So we don't have to do this over and over but if we go back detect two faces Nowhere's if we go to the
network it looks like everything is working perfect.
I think we've implemented the feature and now what we want to do is actually test different things and
try to break this and see if we get any errors.
Perhaps maybe write some tests for this make snapshot testing
and there we go.
We have ourselves a new feature implemented make sure we create a new branch make a pull request you
know test start different things try and break this that this feature is actually working we haven't
made any mistakes and we got our first feature in the summer.
Now hopefully this gives you a good idea of how the app works because we're going to be using it in
later sections to do some really really fun things.
So for now I'll see in the next video by.